Everything as you see it.
I want to transfer my shares.
Your brother's story is your brother's.
It has nothing to do with you.
Waiting for us to finish the Sea of Clouds project together.
You can make up for the loss of your brother.
You know that.
Vice President Chen told you that, didn't he?
What does this have to do with silence?
My brother's story is also what Deputy General Director Chen told me, without him.
I didn't know my brother was in such trouble.
After my parents died, my brother kept me.
This time he was in trouble.
Even if I do my best to help him.
You can help him.
But not at all.
Now I know about this.
I absolutely can't ignore it.
After this is over.
You took me to see your brother.
Shen Lang
I really don t see the wrong person.
This brother of yours, I have determined.
Missing
They're both not angry.
What's going on?
Isn't he bound?